I'm looking for Eddie Manoa k-- oh he's
not here right now I'm Chandler can I
take a message or a fish tank come on in
I'm Tilly
oh I gathered by that oh that he told
you about me oh yeah your name came up
in the conversation that terrified me to
my very soul he's kind of intense huh
yes hey can I ask you is any a little a
little what a bit country or uh you know
a little rock and roll come on in here
you roomie
whoa telly Eddie I just came by to drop
off your tank very thoughtful of you
it's very thoughtful yeah okay then
I'm gonna go buy mine bye
so we're getting a fish you want sex
with that didn't you check it out check
it out check it out together
Oh Soap Opera Digest oh that's one of my
favorite digests big 42 bigfooty to
everyday okay okay
oh hey you dock on the bluff Days of Our
Lives Joey Tribbiani
oh cool picture yeah oh do I look good
hey is this true that you write a lot of
your own lines well kind of yeah like
remember last week when Alex was in the
accident
well the line in the script was if we
don't get this woman to a hospital she's
going to die but I made it
if this woman doesn't get to a hospital
she's not gonna live
ok I see what you did there aren't you
afraid though that the writers are gonna
be kind of mad when they read this huh
I've really thought about the writers
the scripts just kind of come to my
house but you know what this makes me
look good which makes the show look good
which makes the writers look good so how
could they be mad about that makes up
most of his lines
none of them yeah write this jerkweed I
fall down an elevator shaft this mean I
fall down an elevator shaft I don't know
I just bring the scripts they can't kill
me
I'm fed Cheska's long-lost son all right